Changes in pixmap version 0.4-11

  o Added dummy NAMESPACE file

  o Move class definitions to separate file, no Collate in DESCRIPTION


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-10

  o Explicitly mention in the help file that read.pnm() only works for 
    files, not other conntection.

  o Fixed a bug in write.pnm() that tried to open the same connection twice.


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-9

  o Fixed a minor glitch in write.pnm.


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-8

  o Fixed a bug that prevented plotting images with only 1 row (bug
    report by Robert Esswein).


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-7

  o Use LazyLoad instead of SaveImage.


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-6
  
  o Modified one of the regression tests for changes in R 2.4: 
    terrain.colors() now return transparency information 
    -> do not use it in example.


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-5

  o standardized license filed in DESCRIPTION file.


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-4

  o Fixed a bug in the prototype of class "pixmap".


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-3

  o New example for overlaying plots in help(pixmap) submitted by 
    Stephan Matthiesen. 


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-2

  o Adjust for R 2.0.0.

  o Fixed a bug in coercion from pixmapIndexed to pixmapRGB.

  o There was a bug in the methods package of R 1.9.x which was 
    triggered by functions in pixmap, hence this version of the
    package depends on R >= 2.0.0. 


Changes in pixmap version 0.4-1

  o Fixed a bug in write.pnm() that wrote grey images in PPM format.

  o The channel information was not changed when converting between
    RGB and grey pixmaps.

  o The maxval in PNM headers must be less than 65536, not less than 256.
  
	
Changes in pixmap version 0.4-0

  o read.pnm(): vectorized (and renamed)  as.integer.bytes() which provides
    a huge performance gain for reading "PBM" (B & W bitmaps).

  o new function addlogo()
  

Changes in pixmap version 0.3-4

  o Clarified documentation of read.pnm (file name extensions are ignored).

  
Changes in pixmap version 0.3-3

  o fixed some codoc problems (missing aliases)


Changes in pixmap version 0.3-1

  o read.pnm(): changes made to function reading and parsing PNM file
    headers to permit comments of arbitrary length.

    
Changes in pixmap version 0.3-0

  o The whole package has moved to S4 classes and methods, hence all
    classes have a new representation. This also means that the code
    and the API are not fully backwards compatible with earlier
    versions of the package.

  o Added support for subsetting (see example(pixmap)).

  o New: addChannels() and getChannels().


Changes in pixmap version 0.2-1

  o pixmap():
    - Added arguments bbcent and cellres
    - nrow and ncol default to the respective dimensions of the data
      argument (if present). Hence, pixmap does the expected when
      given a matrix or an array.
    - data is rescaled to [0,1] for rgb and grey, and coerced to positive
      integers for indexed.
    - col can also be a function like rainbow()

    
Changes in pixmap version 0.1-2

  o Fixed bugs in plotting, read.pnm and write.pnm which confused
    dimensions (rows versus columns), but together let plots look OK.

